16 apirl:9am-11am
os:
what was life before os and how people use computer before os?
why on earth we need os?
wht is demand pagging and page fault?
what are advantage of multi processor?
what is the purpose of kernal?
whaat is differnce between premitive and non premtive process?give real senrio example too?
whatt are real time systems?
what is throught put?waiting time ? resposnse ttime? turn aroudn time?
what is virtual memory and why do we need it?
what is the objective of  multiporgramming?
what is multi tasking ?
what is time shaaring system? give real example too?
wht is differnce between time sharing and miulti tasking?
what is smp ?*
17 apirl 
What is a process and process table? What are different states of process?
What is a Thread? What are the differences between process and thread?*
What are the benefits of multithreaded programming?*
What is deadlock? 
What are the necessary conditions for deadlock?
What is Virtual Memory? How is it implemented?
What is Thrashing? and degree of multtiprogramming ? how does it work and explain the whole pheonemena?
What is Belady’s Anomaly?who does itt work? expalin and give example to prove it?

21apirl 5am:
why do we need  scheduling?
what are objective  of process scheduling algo?
name differnt scheduling algo ?
What is crictal Section Problem ?what is race condition?give example of race condition?
What are the soultion of critical prblm?
wht are synchronization tools?
explain semaphore? and what are the types of the semaphore and write code of wait and singal ?
 which one is better? binary or counting?
explain mutex?
Differences between mutex and semphore?explain bht phoemona with example ?
adavnges of semphore and mutex which one is better ?
........................................
1) Kernal level threads and user level threads.
2) Mapping of user level threads on kernal level threads.
3) Difference between Process and threads.
methods of handling deadlocks
banker algo
memory mangemnt techniques
varible parition  allocations schemes
pagging and segmentataion
page replacement algo
file system
file directories
file allocation methods
Disk Schedulling
disk Schelduling algo
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/last-minute-notes-operating-systems/?ref=lbp
.....................................................
The most basic difference between counting and binary semaphore is that:

Binary semaphore cannot handle Bounded wait as its just a variable that hold binary value.
 Counting semaphore It can handle bounded wait as it has converted a variable into a structure with a Queue.
Strcuture implementation Binary semaphore: int s;

Counting Semaphore: Struct S { int s; Queue q; }

Using the counting semaphore now process once gained the CS(Critical Section) now 
has to wait for the other to get the CS, so not a single process strave. Each process get a chance for CS