.NET Prepration Areas:
1. Explain ASP .NET Web Forms Application's Life Cycle. (Page level events such as Page_Load, init, preinit, etc...)
2. What is an n-tier architectire? How is it different from MVC?
3. Explain the responsibility of each layer in n-tier architecture (Presentation Layer/Business Logic Layer/Data Access Layer)

OOP Prepration Areas:
1. Define polymorphism? How many types of polymorphism do you know? (Static:Compile-time polymorphism-Overloading/Dynamic:Run-time polymorphism-Overriding)
2. What's the difference between Abstraction and Encapsulation?
3. What's multiple inheritance? What is the diamond problem? Explain... How to fix the diamond problem?
4. Have you ever used OOP in real life programming experience? Explain by example. Moreover, explain which/where/how "OOP Concepts" have you used.
5. Let's create a Class Diagram of (some) problem.

Design Patterns Prepration Areas:
1. What is Singleton pattern?
2. What is Factory Pattern?
3. What is Facade?

Data Structure Prepration Areas:
1. What's your favourite Data Structure? Why? (Mine is Hash :P )
2. What are the time complexity of... (Queue, LinkedList, Stack, etc)... How?

Algorithm Prepration Areas:
1. Reverse an array in O(n)
2. Find the midpoint of a singly linkedlist in O(n)
3. Is this linkedlist/array/string a palindrome? find in O(n)
4. Traverse the tree in Breadth First/Depth First/In/Pre/Post Order.
5. Which sort algorithm is your favourite? Let's implement Bubble/Insertion/Quick/Heap/Merge sort.

Database/SQL Prepration Areas:
1. Find the second highest in table(s)
2. What is the difference between Query/Stored Procedure/Function(Scalar/Table Value)
3. Explain Inner/Full Outer/Left/Right Joins.
4. What is the difference between WHERE and HAVING keyword?
5. What is the difference between IN and BETWEEN keyword?
6. Why is UNION keyword used?
7. What's an ERD? Let's create an ERD of (some) problem...

Analytical Problems (This is just an example.)
1. 	A room has
	1 box on 1st day,
	2 boxes on 2nd day,
	4 boxes on 3rd day,
	8 boxes on 4th day, and so on.
	If the room is completely filled up on 10th day, then on which day was the room at half capacity?

2. 	An UNEVEN ROPE(thick from some places and thin from other places) that burns in 1 hour, how will you know that 30 minutes have passed?
	If you have TWO ROPES, can you burn them to tell when 15 minutes have passed by?

etc...